[Music]
Hello to all my dear Lovers
of the heart it's been a week
since the controversies were published in
which Genoveva Casanova and Federico de
Dinamarca appear walking Together through
Madrid Susana Griso explained at the time that they
both met on an exclusive
hunt that brings together Europe's elite it
's then that Alejandro
spoke about it and gave more
details on the subject knowing that
world the only thing that fits me is that the
two coincided in one of those
Central European hunts because Genoveva was
accompanying another of the attendees at the
moment I don't know exactly where it was but
many of these meetings are organized
for gentlemen with the express prohibition
of being accompanied by their wives but
with total freedom to bring all
the friends you want in that context
Genoveva could have been accompanied by a gentleman
and there she met Federico the
Italian explained on his Instagram account
finally attacks Genoveva
Casanova claiming that she would have been the one
who avisual photographer so that you capture
the moment in which she was with
Frederick of Denmark, no matter what
they say, coincidences don't exist and I find it hard to believe the
theory about the photographer who was passing by.
Well, family, I
'll be reading your opinions in the
comments. Remember to leave your like
and subscribe to stay up to date with all the
news from the heart. I send you a huge hug.